OK.
Currently we just have one implementation of the greeting service.
But what if for our constructor property and setter injected controllers we wanted to inject a specific
greeting service.
So what we can do is use the qualifier annotation. What I'm going to do here is come in here and
refactor this. To make a little more clear, so I'm going to rename that constructor. So the constructor greeting
service.
We want to have that injected into the constructor injected controller. Let me refactor that. Now
let's modify him and we'll say a constructor.
So now if I run this everything's just going to run the same.
Takes a second to compile.
So now we can see that we are getting the same instance still injected in all three.
So let's go ahead and create new services.
So we'll do a property injected greeting service.
So it's going to the greeting service. Let's come in here and I'm just gonna steal that
property and then we also want to take this as a service and here now.
Now if we run this we are going to get some confusion because Spring isn't going to know which one to
inject.
So we're going to get an error here.
We're going to see here that use primary or qualifier.
So here I'm going to show you how to use qualifier and what we want to do here is the constructor we
are going to qualifier. Let's make sure that I have the right name here.
That's just going to be a lower case for the bean name.
So when we do annotated components like that, the bean name is going to be the class name but with a
leading lowercase.
So then we also have the property injected.
So I'm going to come back over here to property here and then I can say above the here that the qualifier
so that's setting up the qualifiers for that.
And finally let's also add in one of the services for a setter base.
So come in here new class.
That's correct.
Implement greeting service.
Now it's also going to be a service and again that bean name is going to be this.
But with leaving a lower case.
And when I come up here, I'll add a qualifier
like so.
And now when I run it I have qualifiers there.
So Spring knows which one of these beans to wire into which controller.
So now you can see the hello world property and I'm also getting property there on the setter. Oh I know
why. I didn't change that.
So the evils of cut and paste. I actually change that string and the setter inject it serves.
Thought this is gonna work out a lot better.
And you'll find that I always remind you not to cut and paste as I go ahead and cut and paste. So you
can see why and cut and paste can get you in trouble quickly.
So now I am getting the expected results. So property is getting the property greeting service. Setter
is getting the setter greeting service and constructor is getting the constructor greeting service.
Again this qualifier is just giving Spring a hint as to which bean you want to have injected.
So here we've created that greeting service interface. We have three Spring components that qualify for
this Dependency Injection because they all implement that interface. But Spring doesn't know which one
we want to be injected.
So I throw an error when it couldn't make a determination which one to add. We put in the qualifier hint
So Spring now knows which one of these controllers gets which instance of the service.